"Laurence" intro text (#12)
thomas-fossati/draft-fossati-cose-profile: draft-fossati-cose-profiles.md

--- abstract

> COSE (STD96) is not an end-end system with guaranteed interoperability.

Author: ```suggestion
COSE (STD96) is not an end-to-end system with guaranteed interoperability.
```

It is designed to serve a range of use cases and therefore it has a lot of options.

> In general, two COSE implementation that want to interoperate need to agree on which subset of COSE features they will be using.

Author: ```suggestion
In general, two COSE implementations that want to interoperate need to agree on which subset of COSE features they will be using.
```

> In general, two COSE implementations that want to interoperate need to agree on which subset of COSE features they will be using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, two COSE implementations that want to interoperate require an agreement on which subset of COSE features they will use.
```

> This document provides a set rules for defining COSE profiles and registers a new COSE header parameter for in-band signalling of profile information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides a set of rules for specifying such agreements as a "COSE profiles" and registers a new COSE header parameter for in-band signalling profile information.
```

> This document provides a set of rules for specifying such agreements as "COSE profiles" and registers a new COSE header parameter for in-band signalling profile information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document provides a set of rules for specifying such agreements as "COSE profiles" and registers a new COSE header parameter for in-band signalling of profile information.
```

> This document provides a set of rules for specifying such agreements as a "COSE profiles" and registers a new COSE header parameter for in-band signalling profile information.

Author: ```suggestion
This document provides a set of rules for specifying such agreements as "COSE profiles" and registers a new COSE header parameter for in-band signalling profile information.
```

--- middle

# Introduction

> COSE {{-cose}} is not an end-end system with guaranteed interoperability.
> It is designed to serve a range of use cases and therefore it has a lot of options.
> In general, two COSE implementation that want to interoperate need to agree on which subset of COSE features they will be using.
> 
> This document provides a set rules for defining COSE profiles and registers a new COSE header parameter for in-band signalling of profile information.

Author: ```suggestion
COSE {{-cose}} is not an end-to-end system with guaranteed interoperability.
 It is designed to serve a range of use cases and therefore it has a lot of options.
 In general, two COSE implementations that want to interoperate require an agreement on which subset of COSE features they will use.

This document provides a set of rules for specifying such agreements as a "COSE profiles" and registers a new COSE header parameter for in-band signalling profile information.
```

> This document provides a set of rules for specifying such agreements as "COSE profiles" and registers a new COSE header parameter for in-band signalling profile information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document provides a set of rules for specifying such agreements as "COSE profiles" and registers a new COSE header parameter for in-band signalling of profile information.
```

> This document provides a set of rules for specifying such agreements as a "COSE profiles" and registers a new COSE header parameter for in-band signalling profile information.

Author: ```suggestion
This document provides a set of rules for specifying such agreements as "COSE profiles" and registers a new COSE header parameter for in-band signalling profile information.
```
